docs/config/service.md, before:

# Service Configuration

Each service can have its own `config.yml` file that controls runtime behavior like latency simulation, error injection, validation, and caching.

## Location

For compiled Go services, place `config.yml` in the `setup/` directory:

```
services/petstore/
└── setup/
    ├── config.yml      # Service configuration
    ├── codegen.yml     # Code generation settings
    └── openapi.yml     # OpenAPI specification
```

For Docker with mounted specs, use a directory structure with `config.yml` alongside your spec:

```
openapi/
└── petstore/
    ├── openapi.yml     # OpenAPI spec (must be named openapi.yml/yaml/json)
    └── config.yml      # Service config
```

Note: Flat specs like `openapi/petstore.yml` don't support config files - use the directory structure above.

## Configuration Options

### Service Name

```yaml
name: petstore
```

The `name` property defines the **URL prefix** for all routes in this service.

For example, if your OpenAPI spec has `/pets` and `/pets/{id}`, they become:
- `GET /petstore/pets`
- `GET /petstore/pets/{id}`

This allows multiple APIs to coexist on the same server without route conflicts.

**How the name is determined:**

1. If `name` is set in `config.yml` → uses that name
2. Otherwise → inferred from directory name (e.g., `openapi/stripe/` → `stripe`)
3. For flat specs → inferred from filename (e.g., `openapi/petstore.yml` → `petstore`)

### Latency

```yaml
# Simulated latency for responses
latency: 100ms

# Latency distribution by percentile
latencies:
  p50: 50ms
  p90: 100ms
  p99: 500ms

# Error injection by percentile
errors:
  p5: 500   # 5% of requests return 500
  p10: 400  # 5% return 400 (p10 - p5)

# Caching behavior
cache:
  requests: true  # Cache GET request responses

# OpenAPI spec simplification
spec:
  simplify: false
  optional-properties:
    number: 5     # Keep max 5 optional properties
```

## Latency Simulation

Simulate real-world network conditions:

```yaml
# Fixed latency
latency: 100ms

# Or percentile-based distribution
latencies:
  p25: 10ms   # 25% of requests: 10ms
  p50: 50ms   # 25% of requests: 50ms  
  p90: 100ms  # 40% of requests: 100ms
  p99: 500ms  # 9% of requests: 500ms
  p100: 1s    # 1% of requests: 1s
```

## Error Injection

Test error handling by injecting HTTP errors:

```yaml
errors:
  p5: 500   # 5% return 500 Internal Server Error
  p10: 400  # 5% return 400 Bad Request
  p15: 429  # 5% return 429 Too Many Requests
```

Percentiles are cumulative - `p10: 400` means requests between p5 and p10 (5%) return 400.

## Caching

Cache responses for GET requests:

```yaml
cache:
  requests: true  # Enable response caching
```

Cached responses are returned for identical GET requests, improving performance.

## Spec Simplification

Reduce complexity of large OpenAPI specs:

```yaml
spec:
  simplify: false  # Enable/disable simplification
  optional-properties:
    number: 5      # Keep max N optional properties per schema
    # range: "1-6" # Or random range
```

This helps with specs that have schemas with many optional fields.

## Upstream Proxy

Forward requests to a real backend:

```yaml
upstream:
  url: https://api.example.com
  headers:
    X-Custom-Header: value
  fail-on:
    http-status:
      - exact: 301
      - range: "500-599"
    timeout: 5s
```

When configured, requests are proxied to the upstream server. If the upstream fails, Connexions falls back to generating mock responses.

### Circuit Breaker

Protect against cascading failures with circuit breaker:

```yaml
upstream:
  url: https://api.example.com
  circuit-breaker:
    timeout: 60s        # Time in open state before half-open (default: 60s)
    max-requests: 1     # Max requests in half-open state (default: 1)
    interval: 30s       # Interval to clear counts in closed state (default: 0)
    min-requests: 3     # Min requests before tripping (default: 3)
    failure-ratio: 0.6  # Failure ratio to trip (default: 0.6)
```

**Circuit breaker states:**

- **Closed**: Normal operation, requests pass through
- **Open**: After failure threshold, requests are blocked
- **Half-Open**: After timeout, limited requests test if service recovered

When app-level storage is configured with `type: redis`, circuit breaker state is automatically shared across instances.

## Contexts

See [Contexts](../contexts.md) for details on context files.

Commit message:

Add response headers and app.yml (#85)

docs/config/service.md, after:

# Service Configuration

Each service can have its own `config.yml` file that controls runtime behavior like latency simulation, error injection, validation, and caching.

## Location

For compiled Go services, place `config.yml` in the `setup/` directory:

```
services/petstore/
└── setup/
    ├── config.yml      # Service configuration
    ├── codegen.yml     # Code generation settings
    └── openapi.yml     # OpenAPI specification
```

For Docker with mounted specs, use a directory structure with `config.yml` alongside your spec:

```
openapi/
└── petstore/
    ├── openapi.yml     # OpenAPI spec (must be named openapi.yml/yaml/json)
    └── config.yml      # Service config
```

Note: Flat specs like `openapi/petstore.yml` don't support config files - use the directory structure above.

## Configuration Options

### Service Name

```yaml
name: petstore
```

The `name` property defines the **URL prefix** for all routes in this service.

For example, if your OpenAPI spec has `/pets` and `/pets/{id}`, they become:
- `GET /petstore/pets`
- `GET /petstore/pets/{id}`

This allows multiple APIs to coexist on the same server without route conflicts.

**How the name is determined:**

1. If `name` is set in `config.yml` → uses that name
2. Otherwise → inferred from directory name (e.g., `openapi/stripe/` → `stripe`)
3. For flat specs → inferred from filename (e.g., `openapi/petstore.yml` → `petstore`)

### Latency

```yaml
# Simulated latency for responses
latency: 100ms

# Latency distribution by percentile
latencies:
  p50: 50ms
  p90: 100ms
  p99: 500ms

# Error injection by percentile
errors:
  p5: 500   # 5% of requests return 500
  p10: 400  # 5% return 400 (p10 - p5)

# Caching behavior
cache:
  requests: true  # Cache GET request responses

# OpenAPI spec simplification
spec:
  simplify: false
  optional-properties:
    number: 5     # Keep max 5 optional properties
```

## Latency Simulation

Simulate real-world network conditions:

```yaml
# Fixed latency
latency: 100ms

# Or percentile-based distribution
latencies:
  p25: 10ms   # 25% of requests: 10ms
  p50: 50ms   # 25% of requests: 50ms  
  p90: 100ms  # 40% of requests: 100ms
  p99: 500ms  # 9% of requests: 500ms
  p100: 1s    # 1% of requests: 1s
```

## Error Injection

Test error handling by injecting HTTP errors:

```yaml
errors:
  p5: 500   # 5% return 500 Internal Server Error
  p10: 400  # 5% return 400 Bad Request
  p15: 429  # 5% return 429 Too Many Requests
```

Percentiles are cumulative - `p10: 400` means requests between p5 and p10 (5%) return 400.

## Caching

Cache responses for GET requests:

```yaml
cache:
  requests: true  # Enable response caching
```

Cached responses are returned for identical GET requests, improving performance.

## Spec Simplification

Reduce complexity of large OpenAPI specs:

```yaml
spec:
  simplify: false  # Enable/disable simplification
  optional-properties:
    number: 5      # Keep max N optional properties per schema
    # range: "1-6" # Or random range
```

This helps with specs that have schemas with many optional fields.

## Upstream Proxy

Forward requests to a real backend:

```yaml
upstream:
  url: https://api.example.com
  headers:
    X-Custom-Header: value
  fail-on:
    timeout: 5s           # Request timeout (default: 5s)
    http-status:
      - exact: 301
      - range: "500-599"
```

When configured, requests are proxied to the upstream server. If the upstream fails (timeout or matching status code), Connexions falls back to generating mock responses.

### Circuit Breaker

Protect against cascading failures with circuit breaker:

```yaml
upstream:
  url: https://api.example.com
  circuit-breaker:
    timeout: 60s        # Time in open state before half-open (default: 60s)
    max-requests: 1     # Max requests in half-open state (default: 1)
    interval: 30s       # Interval to clear counts in closed state (default: 0)
    min-requests: 3     # Min requests before tripping (default: 3)
    failure-ratio: 0.6  # Failure ratio to trip (default: 0.6)
```

**Circuit breaker states:**

- **Closed**: Normal operation, requests pass through
- **Open**: After failure threshold, requests are blocked
- **Half-Open**: After timeout, limited requests test if service recovered

When app-level storage is configured with `type: redis`, circuit breaker state is automatically shared across instances.

## Response Headers

Connexions adds the following headers to responses:

| Header | Values | Description |
|--------|--------|-------------|
| `X-Cxs-Source` | `upstream`, `cache`, `generated` | Indicates where the response came from |
| `X-Cxs-Duration` | e.g. `1.234ms` | Request processing time |

## Contexts

See [Contexts](../contexts.md) for details on context files.
